Staking collection high-level description and PR fixes (#476)
onflow/flow: docs/content/staking/staking-collection-staking-delegation-guide.mdx

A Staking Collection is a resource that allows its owner to manage multiple staking
objects in a single account via a single storage path, and perform staking actions using both locked and unlocked Flow.

Before the staking collection, accounts could use the instructions in [the unlocked staking guide](https://docs.onflow.org/staking/unlocked-staking-guide/)
to stake with tokens. This was a bit restrictive, because that guide (and the corresponding transactions) only supports one node and one delegator object
per account. If a user wanted to have more than one per account, they would either have to use custom transactions with custom storage paths for each object,
or they would have had to use multiple accounts, which comes with many hassles of its own.

The same applies to the [locked tokens staking guide](https://docs.onflow.org/staking/locked-staking-guide/).
We only built in support for one node and one delegator per account.

The staking collection is a solution to both of these deficiencies. When an account is set up to use a staking collection,
the staking collection recognizes the existing locked account capabilities (if they exist) and unlocked account staking objects,

> and incorporates their functionality so any user can stake for a node or delegator through a single common interface, regardless of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and incorporates their functionality so any user can stake for a node or stake as a delegator through a single common interface, regardless of
```

if they have a brand new account, or have been staking through the locked account or unlocked account before.

The staking collection has two main fields, 
```cadence
access(self) var nodeStakers: @{String: FlowIDTableStaking.NodeStaker}
access(self) var nodeDelegators: @{String: FlowIDTableStaking.NodeDelegator}
```
These dictionaries store the staking objects that are managed by the staking collection.
Access to these dictionaries are mediated by the staking methods. When a user wants to perform a staking operation,

> they specify the nodeID and/or delegator ID they want to stake for, and the function routes the function

Reviewer: ```suggestion
they specify the nodeID and/or delegatorID they want to stake for, and the function routes the function
```
